hello scratchgard sam here and on this
scratch card Sally I've got a request
from Aaron Taylor I think I'm show us
his name um he wanted to see a two-pound
rainbow 250,000 connect four yellow
100,000 and a lucky bug so I'll start
with a lucky bug eyed money's in a while
the other slot today is my birthday
coming up soon and hopefully i'll get
some scratch cards from a birthday and
if i do there will be a birthday bonus
i'm going to call it so stay looking for
that right I'm much free prize miles to
win or find that little four-leaf clover
25-pound all right it's the other day
got five thousand ten pounds three
pounds zooming bit more ously yeah 3
pounds five thousand five pounds 5
pounds 20 pounds and ten pounds didn't
win on that one day I'm see yellow
100,000 pound the same again font free
to win 20 pound 20 pounds 100 pound one
pound one pound 100 pounds and thousands
100,000 pound one pound yeah we actually
want to quit on this car as 11 11 pounds
so far or connect for st games on this
Eva find that symbol there or that
symbol there four times in any row
diagonal column whatever you wanna call
it in the bonus game to find a 4 and
they're all right what do this
and now when I diagnose their new new
new now I'm sure you haven't won I just
put that prize out to make you think
you've won all right I it's going fine
for we found eight so don't put on that
right now on to the T pound scratch
around I was in it I'm gon meet the king
a bit all right free section so this
card find a diamond down there and win
the prize find a money bag in there and
find free cash amounts in there alright
so start a paper ahead don't wallet go
barf bag Andrey safe and the chest then
one that section bond money back we
found coins and find free to win 25
thousand five thousand two hundred two
hundred and twenty wrongdoing on that
card but anyway at least we got some
money back on this rash guard sadly
we've got one pound right so stay tuned
for next crash cart are they brought
what you want in the comments and yeah
don't be the subscribe and like the
video until next time it boom well one
minute I'll true I'm very wrong until
next time everyone happy scratching